---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 6"
---
This week has been the calm before the storm; next week the test is upon us. I am a little concerned since I do not have a great idea of what I am expecting, but I guess I will find out by the end of the coming week. The Range Iterator implementation we talked about this week was cool and highlights a lot of the power C++ has with operators and templates. I was not a fan of the chapter five quiz question this week. I realize that we should soak in a lot of information from the book, but it has been quite some time since we read that chapter. I am lucky I got the question right, and I will probably prepare better in the future. We also learned lambda expressions this week, and it was awesome! I loved anonymous functions in Haskell during my programming languages class, and we had a good time working with environments and closures over the course of the semester. I am not used to the syntax style of function types in C++, however. Luckily, I was familiar with the map function of Haskell, so the transform function was not a surprise to me, and it was interesting to see its implementation in another language. The discovery of the “auto” type in C++ was also really cool. My friends and I experimented with setting integers to type auto and how the compiler interprets it, and it was interesting to see the compiler recognize type differences in a more loosely-typed structure. 

Tip of the week: http://www.wired.com/2015/09/googles-quantum-computer-just-got-a-big-upgrade-1000-qubits/

Google’s quantum computer known as D-wave has roughly in doubled in qubits from 512 to over 1000. This article’s explanation of quantum computing and superposition makes for an interesting and insightful explanation of what the future of computing may look like.
