---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 2"
---
The second week of OOP has ended, and parts of it I found interesting and other parts were frustrating. On one hand, it was nice to spend the second week of class talking in depth about the assignment. Going through the individual lines of instructions helps solidify the purpose of each instruction. However, I was not fond of the quizzes, but I never have been fond of in-class quizzes, and I feel better about them as of Friday’s class.
For some reason, the Collatz assignment seems really daunting. I have started a little piece of the assignment, and maybe the overwhelming feeling will subside when I finish it. There seems to be a lot of instructions, but at the same time, I am glad at the amount of depth that Downing has gone through to explain the purpose of everything.
In particular, I miss two things from the first week which we did not do in the second week. Firstly, we were not as encouraged this week to introduce ourselves to new people. We were given the opportunity last week in class to talk to some unfamiliar people, and as of the second week, I have not talked with them since. Part of that is my fault, but the camaraderie pushed in the first week is still something that could see better integration in class. Second, we talked about the assignment in detail, but I would also have liked to talk about sample C++ files like last week. It was nice to go line-by-line on code that may have had nothing to do with the assignment, but it was still interesting and useful to know for our future careers in computer science. Now that week three is starting soon, I will be able to compare and contrast the differences of week three from the first two weeks.

Tip-of-the-week: http://learnyouahaskell.com/chapters

For those of you who have yet to try functional programming but want to learn it, I have found Haskell to be a lot of fun. With that said, this book is an awesome way to learn the language; the chapters are divided up logically, but the pictures and style is somewhat like a children’s book. I encourage anyone who has the time to see what it is all about! 
