---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 11"
---
I have completed my eleventh week of OOP, and I find it hard to believe. I used to find C++ overwhelming, but this class is teaching it at a steady pace I find much more approachable than in the past. I try to use the knowledge of vectors and avoid new in my Graphics course, but I sometimes do not take all the lessons to heart. We went through an awesome analogy this week about how in Ancient Egypt, you should trade with your friend who is passing away so that you can keep his stuff because they bury their stuff with the body. It was amusing yet helpful to think of this analogy when approaching the assignment operator for vector. On top of the Egyptian analogy, we learned a lot about the double ampersand to differentiate a constructor as taking an r-value.

The project this week was pretty reasonable. There was a lot of documentation to wrap up in the end, but our understanding of vector making a deep copy of what it saved when it pushed back helped us understand why taking in values as references did not affect the end result of the program. Furthermore, I enjoyed creating the UML diagram for this assignment as it reflected all the work we had done over the past couple of weeks in a very easy-to-read document. Although some sources on the internet seem to represent UMLs slightly differently, we were successfully able to sort through the differences to come up with a good design.

Tip of the week: http://www.eteknix.com/99-pc-bricking-device-usb-killer-hits-indigogo-genius-or-stupid/

This article is short, but it describes of a new device hitting a crowdfunding site. This “USB Killer” will quickly damage your USB ports and possibly your whole computer in order to protect your data from unwanted guests.
