---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 8"
---
Week eight started off with the allocator assignment. This assignment is scarily close to an assignment I did in CS439H last year, but our group is using better OOP principles since we are using the Allocator.h file. The allocate function of this assignment is less complex than last year’s assignment as well. Oddly enough, both assignments were in C++. We also spent a lot of time this week discussing vectors and arrays, which lead to a deeper discussion on the heap in C++. I enjoy C++ immensely, so I am excited about talking about vectors in greater detail in the next week. Function defaults were also awesome to learn about, because it shows the significance of the compiler as it attempts to determine the proper method being called. After all of the class this week, we were lucky to get our first test grades back, and I am surprised. I thought the test was fairly easy to be honest, yet I did not get the score I wanted. However, I am glad I did not receive a terrible grade, so I simply need to try harder in the future! I look forward to finding out what I missed on the exam in order to improve my performance on the second and final exam. This week was relatively calm for OOP, but I am glad to receive the post-test break. My partner and I are moving along nicely with this week’s assignment, and this week gave me some time to focus on my other classes. Next week should be exciting!

Tip of the week: http://yoshiswoollyworld.nintendo.com/?&mkwid=3aYmF5zw_dcs|pcrid|85676699719|pmt|e|pkw|yoshi%27s%20woolly%20world&pid=SEM_Core%20Terms%20-%20Title%20E-&mwkid=sQfTBm3iV_dc#/home/

An awesome game called Yoshi’s Wooly World came out this Friday. It has been fun playing it, and the aesthetic is really cool. Check it out.
