---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 5"
---
Week five had a mix of good and bad. First off, no quiz on both Monday and Wednesday was a miracle to experience. On top of that, career fair was pretty fantastic; it is nice to talk to companies about your interests and experiences. The only issue is the lack of time to experience all that every company has to offer. Wednesday’s lecture had Alex Menzies talking about his job at JPL.  The lecture was really interesting to listen to, and I found it more relatable than the Bloomberg lecturer. I liked that Bloomberg’s Chris talked more about the specific programming language more, but the overall feel of excitement that Alex brought to the talk made it very exciting. The technology JPL has collaborated on with Microsoft’s HoloLens is downright spectacular. Friday was okay, but the biggest disappointment this week was my fault: I forgot to add the HTML folder when we submitted Project 2. This week was especially busy for me, something career fair certainly does not help with, and I was proud that my partner and I were able to complete the assignment before 10 PM on Thursday. Unfortunately, forgetting the HTML folder costed us 20% of the grade, but at least it is not the end of the world. I understand that documentation is important, and next time I will be less inclined to rush out of GDC once the Google Form is completed. Next project will not get the best of me; my partner and I will deliver better results with the third project.

Tip of the week: http://www.wired.com/2015/09/google-offers-3-lessons-crippling-online-crime-economy/

This article goes into detail about Google’s study on combatting the black tech market. It is interesting to see how we as computer scientists can measure security through studying trends in the black market and how to stop people from profiting from illegal practices. I recommend reading this article to get a new perspective on the subject.
