---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 4"
---
Week four and assignment two have both began as of this week, and the teacher told us to focus on I/O before worrying about the solution to the assignment. Luckily, my partner and I succeeded in correctly reading in input, and the documentation as well as the makefile are both coming along nicely as of Saturday. I am enjoying the quizzes much more lately compared to the first two. The textbook has been a fairly easy read up to this point, but chapter six was kind of repetitive because it discusses the same case study being solved in different languages, though the solution is roughly the same after the first one. A concerning part of the class coming up will be the test. I do not know if the difficulty of the test will be like the quizzes, but I have heard this class has hard tests. Another issue that I have been having is deciding when we want objects and arrays on the stack or in the heap. In Java, your choices are limited in comparison to C++, which allows you to choose the way you declare your objects. I do not know if an array of stack object references is risky or reasonable depending on the situation. Honestly, the best solution to this problem is practicing C++ and talking to the professor. There is a lot of interesting insight Downing may be able to give on the subject.
Tip of the week: http://www.technewsworld.com/story/Pokmon-GO-Steps-on-the-Mobile-AR-Gas-82509.html
It is interesting to see that Nintendo has partnered with Niantic, formerly a Google company, in making a virtual reality Pokemon game. This is definitely in the early stages, but hopefully, the game will not be over-hyped.
