---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 7"
---
The test has come and gone, and I think I did a really good job on it (fingers crossed)! I devoted quite a bit of time to studying for this test, and I think it paid off for me. I will have to wait to get my grade back, so I hopefully did well. The class this week was funny too. My friend Joaquin became the pointer martyr in that he became the joke of an “interesting” paintball allegory. Hopefully, Joaquin will dress as a member of the Blue Man Group this year for Halloween. The quiz on Wednesday was fair, but this class can sometimes prove difficult. With all the other work in classes such as Graphics this week, I forgot material that we just discussed on Monday! I felt like a fool, but I guess it teaches me a lesson without much of a burn to my grade. No class on Friday was amazing! I kind of wish we had a relaxing class instead because Downing is a pretty funny teacher whose knowledge of C++ can be mind-blowing. I guess tomorrow will make up for that. Overall, I am happy how the test turned out; I am interested to find out more about the next project. The project documentation is what killed my grade on assignment two, and my partner was very frustrated with that as well. I understand the importance of documentation, so I will do better on this next project with my new partner for this assignment.

Tip of the week: 
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/12/technology/apple-is-said-to-deactivate-its-news-app-in-china.html?ref=technology

Apple has disabled their news app in the region of China. China has become a big source of revenue for Apple, and their willingness to bend to the government is disheartening. You can read more here.
