---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 9"
---
Project three has come to a close as our next project, Darwin, is on the horizon. The third project involved much less work than the second one, but there is always room for corner cases we did not expect. Additionally, project four seems like it will take some time to complete, so my partner and I are going to get started on it early. Unfortunately, I really screwed up the Wednesday quiz; I managed to get all three questions wrong. I am contemplating if it is impressive that I managed to miss three questions even though I tried my best. Luckily, I did better on the Friday quiz, but it is demoralizing nonetheless to miss questions on these quizzes when you enjoy the class material. I actually spent some time Thursday night practicing my implementation of myVector.h. It went pretty well, and I have a greater appreciation of the semantics of C++ than I did previously. Downing takes enough time with the material that C++ has seemed less overwhelming than my experience with it in the past. I almost felt like the type conversion implicit in constructors was intentionally to mess with our minds. That kind of implicit conversion built into C++ is some strange programming magic. A friendly reminder from my experiences from the quizzes this week: a primary queue is implemented with a binary heap, thereby requiring the random access operator []. Therefore, a list cannot implement this behavior like a vector and deque can. Hopefully, all of us will remember that for the future.


Tip of the week: http://forums.macrumors.com/threads/apples-new-thing-ipod.500/


Reddit decided to link this forum of people’s initial reactions to the iPod announcement back in 2001, and it is a real treat to see what people thought of it. You may find some of this hilarious.


