---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 12"
---
Twelve weeks into the semester, and the last project has begun. It is weird to think that there are only two full weeks of school left, yet there is a lot of C++ we have not gotten to. However, we have learned a lot of the building blocks, and I am glad we approached this semester with object-oriented design in mind rather than cramming all of C++ into the semester. I would rather learn how to design and program a C++ application with good programming techniques than learn the standard library. Project 5 is Conway’s Game of Life, which after Darwin is exciting. We have come a long way from the 3n+1 problem, but there is still a lot left to know. I like being able to apply object-oriented principles to my other C++ class, Graphics, but I feel as though the scale and scope of working with the OpenGL pipeline requires much more time for a great object-oriented design.

In other news, Atlassian came to talk with us, and they are the last speakers for the semester. I liked how much of my experience as an IT consulting intern applied to what we talked about, and I promoted SourceTree earlier in the semester in my blog, which is an Atlassian tool for git. On top of all this life and company business, I learned that you can implement a virtual method! I simply assumed they were exactly like abstract methods. I actually had to use them for an assignment in graphics, but it was better for my virtual method to be undefined because the parent was meant to serve as an abstract parent.

Tip of the week: http://www.glprogramming.com/red/

I link today to the red book, a book which described version 1.1 of OpenGL. OpenGL is the open source graphics library which has become more relevant today with the rise of smart phones. OpenGL is currently at version 4.5, but my graphics teacher started us off with 1.2 I believe. If you want to learn some of the pipeline before programmable graphics cards, I would start here. 
