---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 13"
---
Thirteen weeks complete, and we have finished the final project for OOP! Huzzah. It is exciting to look back on all the projects that we have completed, and I appreciate all of the overhead details. by overhead details, I mean documentation, issue tracking, unit testing, and acceptance testing. After writing 144 tests for project 5 with my partner, I am not in the mood to write tests for a little while. However, I realize that these things are important, and in the little experience I have had working in my internship last summer, I began my appreciation of writing code, UI, and documentation which makes software easy to use and develop for, not a mess to find the problems with. Designing a strong object model can sometimes be a tough challenge. I am taking Graphics as the same time as OOP, and I am confident that some of the code I wrote for that class would give the TAs and Downing nightmares, but I also know my coding in OOP is only the beginning of better design. The things we learned this week, virtual methods and abstract methods in C++, are simply another branch of enforcing a strong and unified design. On top of this, I am excited to learn more about reflection. The day before we talked about reflection, I had heard the term as I was working on some coding, but I did not look much into it. Coincidentally, I have run into this term again so quickly.

Tip of the week: http://www.technewsworld.com/story/Microsoft-Retools-Minecraft-to-Teach-Kids-to-Code-82767.html

One of my other classes requires time looking at tech articles of any sort, and I found this one about Microsoft’s Code.org project: a minecraft-themed introduction to coding for kids. I looked up the game on Code.org after seeing the article, and it sounds awesome that kids six and older can learn coding from a game they are familiar with. If you are procrastinating writing your own blog, check out this link! You can check out the link even if you are done with your blog.
