---
layout: default
title: OOP - Week 1 (8/30)
---
	As of this blog post, I have finished my second class meeting for OOP. I love how much of the experience I had this past summer as an intern has transferred to this class. Code coverage and unit testing was something I did all the time in my internship, though test-driven development has not been discussed in class. I wish that gcov utilized a nicer user interface, but it is free, and I still find it exciting. 
	I like the pace of the class so far. C++ is interesting in its differences to Java. For instance, the difference in one main method for C++ versus infinitely many in Java makes the flow of programming feel different.
	As I hinted at earlier, the focus on what are industry standards when it comes to programming is refreshing. I appreciate the focus because that is what I require to develop my career path for the future. I am curious to find out the differences between the things I learned over the course of my internship compared to this class. My internship involved IT consulting, which combines my MIS major with my CS major, and I feel as though the industry standards are accurate thus far in OOP. 
	Tip of the week: https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/
SourceTree is a software tool which provides a clear UI for managing git repos. Collaborating and viewing what files have been edited by whom becomes very easy, and I am glad to have learned about the tool. I find that this tool will help people for the sake of the industry, and streamlining and coordinating code is a significant part of being a programmer. 
