---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 3"
---
Week three has ended as did the first assignment for OOP. I liked the useful toolset we utilized for the collatz assignment, but I found the rubric to conflict with some of the ideas in class. For instance, it said to implement the simplest solution and cache for this assignment, but there were optimization talk in class, so I do not know if it was required. Also, making the acceptance tests was annoying since I tried to write a side program generate the tests. It actually took longer because my program did not take into account overflow numbers which were next to each other, and I had to study some Python to learn how to write it. The Bloomberg talk was interesting, and there was no quiz that day, which was awesome! The speaker kept saying that Bloomberg was a software company, not finance, but the argument could be made that the software solutions you develop at that company are heavily influenced by finance concepts; therefore, not liking finance could make the programming more tiresome to you. I wish more time in the presentation was spent showing some of the software tools instead of just talking about them, but the class was not long enough for that. The Friday class was more of the same learning, but at the end of the third week I can say that I generally enjoy the readings for this class, albeit not all the time. I have a hard time reading on my own, so reading about things I find interesting as a part of my homework is actually rewarding. Also, it allows me to balance with work which requires coding and writing things down with reading work, so I can switch to reading if I get sick of coding. Overall, I am hoping for a good grade on the first assignment, and there is much more of the class to come.

Tip-of-the-week: http://www.ninja-ide.org/

I was looking for cool free IDEs one day and stumbled upon Ninja IDE. It is supposedly very good for python development, and I like seeing new IDEs, so I thought I would share this one. The software seems lightweight enough for coding without being too scare in resources, so I hope someone can make use of this IDE.
