---
layout: post
title: "OOP Week 10"
---
This week in OOP was pretty successful as well as fun. The Darwin project is not hard to code; what makes it challenging is a proper object-oriented design. Writing code without getters and setters can be strange but rewarding to as it makes the code seem much more maintainable. My partner and I’s code seems to be working, so unit tests are underway as of Sunday. We are not certain of what to write for our best species, but that is something we will be looking at this week. During Wednesday’s class, we had a guest speaker from Mutual Mobile talk about contributing to open source projects. It was interesting to see what kinds of project become useful and popular in the open source world. Furthermore, I have some experience with SQLite, so I was happy he talked about the importance of it when working on mobile. I was happy to do well on the quizzes this week because I have trouble answering the questions from time to time.

The stack implementation we discussed on Friday was also very cool. With deques, vectors, and linked lists as possible backing containers, the actual implementation of the stack becomes much easier as these backing containers do a lot of the heavy lifting for you. Furthermore, the encapsulation of the backing container rather than extending it makes a lot of sense and is interesting to learn more about. I am excited what we will learn about next week, and I hope to finish the project very soon.

Tip of the week: http://www.toinkwire.com/2015/10/mit-develops-device-that-can-see-peope.html

Apparently, MIT has created a device to see through walls using a Wi-Fi network. It utilizes the reflection of the signal over the wall to reconstruct what is on the other side. It is pretty awesome.
