---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 12"
---
After the twelfth week in Software Engineering, we finished the talk about SQL. It is nice to move onto another subject, the refactoring book. I am actually excited by the refactoring book. Generally, I would imagine most people code the solution that makes sense to them. It is hard to go back to code and make sure it can be made cleaner. By writing tests first, assuring the quality of the code becomes much easier. I also spent some time working on the PowerPoint for the final project this past weekend as well as compiling the list of groups. 

What is in my way this week is what is in the group’s way: Docker is being stubborn with one of my teammates. I hope to help him this week getting that sorted out, because we want to make sure our test button works on the website. I feel as though searching might also be a bit troublesome too.

Next week, I will be working with my group to finish the project. I hopefully will pull some more game information for the final project so that I can integrate it with the other group’s API for the new page that is required. Also, I want to finish most of the PowerPoint as well as write more documentation. Once Docker is out of the way for the project, there will be only a little more to do. Hopefully, the search functionality will not be too difficult as we wrap up the project. Our group is excited to finish the project.

Tip of the week: http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/?-&utm_source=Google%20US&utm_medium=Search&utm_content=17432645&utm_campaign=LQA_Overwatch%20Launch%20Campaign

This weekend, I was able to try Overwatch, a game that looks very fun to play. It is a pretty approachable game, and I look forward to playing more of it once it finally releases.
