---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 3"
---
This past week, I successfully finished the Collatz assignment for the class. At first I thought it would take me a while to finish the project, and I estimated that I would take three hours. Luckily, I was able to finish in a little under two. Last semester’s acceptance tests really helped to speed up the process since I had already created them. Because I did not add any functions, I only needed a few more unit tests as well. I am glad that Python’s unit testing framework is built in because it feels more native to the language. There was nothing particularly noteworthy about Collatz since I had done it in OOP. However, it was interesting to note than one Sphere Python interpreter timed out and used a little more than 1000M while the other game me an actual compile error. I am not sure why that happened, but attempted to run it on the Linux machines helped me understand that it was a syntax issue.

I thought the second assignment would also be similar to OOP, but it turns out to be related to Netflix. Nothing is currently in the way for the assignment besides not knowing any of the details yet. Next week, I will get started on the assignment with my partner, and hopefully we can begin to find other team members for the larger project. Until then, I look forward to learning more about the next project, and I was going to learn more about a visual representation of coverage for Python. 

Tip of the week: http://www.codingdojo.com/blog/9-most-in-demand-programming-languages-of-2016/

This article breaks down the most important languages for the industry. It may be interesting to see the trends of where the industry is heading. 
