---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 4"
---
Software Engineering week four is successfully finished, and we are beginning to see the differences between OOP and Software Engineering. The second assignment in this class is not the same as in OOP as I learned late last week, but we went into the details of the assignment this week. It seems to be a little more challenging than the last assignment, but, as usual, the hardest part of the assignments is getting started and finding good times to work with your partner. My partner for this assignment is not much of a fan of Python, and when I found out iterators return themselves when calling the iter method and looping with an iterator requires a try catch block, I was a little upset with the language. The syntax structure of Python seems to have strange rules you simply have to remember, and that is true of a lot of languages, but Python seems to want to be different just for the sake of it.

We had a guest speaker for class this week from Main Street Hub who was definitely excited about his career, and I was glad that the class asked a lot of questions about his experiences in different organizations. The guest speakers for the class are awesome because the content is relatively easy to digest while also being very interesting and provides new experiences from old UTCS graduates. 

Currently, the assignment is in the way as well as how we are going to utilize the caches being made. Luckily, this issue will also be what my partner and I will be working on next week, and I hope we will finish the assignment on Wednesday at the latest. 

Tip of the week: http://mic.com/articles/135263/say-what-you-want-about-justice-antonin-scalia-he-was-great-for-technology#.oL6p9OOPg

This article explains how Supreme Court Justice Scalia, who died yesterday, was a good force for technology. He was known to be conservative, but apparently, his votes regarding technology were good for the field.
