---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 13"
---
This past week, my group and I finished the last assignment for Software Engineering. Unfortunately, when we turned in our assignment, we forgot to submit a git log for this portion of the assignment, so we lost 20%. I am not going to miss that part of Downing classes at all; it sucks when tiny mistakes have such a significant impact on your grade. However, I did learn a lot about Docker this week despite not originally liking it, so I did get something out of this project.

What is in my way is preparing for the presentation we are giving this week for the project. The frontend part of using another group’s API needs to be completed, and I am worried about finishing that as well as balancing studying for the last test in this class.

Next week, I will work with my team hopefully to get the presentation all ready. Since I did not do the frontend for the project, I am expecting that I will be working on the PowerPoint, something I somewhat enjoy doing. Also, I will begin to study for the final test in this class. My grade on the last test is why I am doing so poorly in this class, so there is a lot at stake with this test coming up in comparison to the last test in OOP. I want to do extremely well on the test, but there are a lot of group projects and presentations over these next two weeks, so I am a bit concerned. I will do the best I can.

Tip of the week:  http://jotungame.com/

Did you ever want to play a game about Norse mythology in a 2D world? Well this is your game. 
