---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 14"
---
This past week in Software Engineering primarily consisted of teams presented their IDB projects. Our team happened to go this Friday, and we all seemed pretty content with the results. However, I was unable to get the link to our Speaker Deck presentation on the website, as I was tasked with it last minute without access to our Frontend specialist. I am a little frustrated that it was not able to be uploaded with the link. However, the website is up with the Dark Ritual API used, and I thought the presentation slides that we made were very good overall.

This week, I plan to study for the test in this class this Thursday night. I am a little afraid of the amount of content on this test. Furthermore, I kind of wish the test was during finals. I say this because after doing three group presentations last week and finishing the group project for this class, I still have two more presentations this week and four group projects to turn in. Therefore, the thing that is standing in my way is time, as I do not know when I will have the time to study. This is particularly infuriating considering that I did very poorly on the first test in this class, yet I was very successful in OOP this past semester. Hopefully, I will be able to find the time to study for this test, but this test is a bit daunting at the moment. I hope this test is better than the last one.

Tip of the week: http://text-processing.com/

NTLK is a python library for data analytics. For a group project in another class, we had to find an API to perform sentiment analysis on tweets. Unfortunately, NTLK needs data to model so that it can do predictions on whether something is positive, negative, or neutral. Luckily, this website above has an API you can send POST requests to in order to get a response back. This website does have a limit on the number of requests you can send a day, so that was kind of annoying.
