---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 15"
---
The last week of Software Engineering has come to an end, and I am glad I took the class. This week, we finished presentations and did the last test for the class, which I liked a lot more than the last one. I wish I did better on the first test, but I am hoping my effort on the second test will make up for it. There is nothing in my way this week, but I plan to wrap up my semester soon. 

I felt like I learned a lot through Docker in this course. I really hated it sometimes, but after sitting down with it for a long time, I felt as though I understood it a little bit more. I wish I spent more time working on the frontend since I lack much frontend experience, and I do wish we did not use ReactJS and instead worked with AngularJS. There is also an issue with getting twenty percent off your grade for forgetting a file that is not important. On the last assignment, we forgot our log file for IDB3, but had our IDB2 file. Of course, we should have spent more time double-checking our file structure, but the fact remains that around an hour after the assignment was turned in, we get notified that we lost twenty percent because a file was missing. We were not able to put our Speaker Deck link in the about page, but according to the grade on the assignment, we got 100% minus the late grade. It is just extremely demoralizing and non-representative of the real world, as I mentioned previously.

Tip of the week: yugiohprices.com

I want to make a new website similar to what we did in this class. This website is another card game like Magic, but this website has a really good API which includes pricing trends. I look forward to spending some time on it.
