---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 1"
---
The end of this week marks the first week of SWE (Software Engineering) completed. We began our discussion of Python as well as the general layout of the course. Collatz is the first project for the class, and as someone who took OOP last fall, I am feeling some déjà vu. Luckily, this means nothing is in my way in the course currently. However, my roommate, someone who took OOP last fall and is also in SWE, is having trouble with timing out on Sphere, so that will be a potential problem for me. Next week, I plan to begin the project; I have only had some minor experience in Python 2, so it will be interesting to shift gears and become proficient in Python 3 instead. Furthermore, readings for the class begin next week, so I will have to find time in my schedule to begin the readings for this class. Oddly enough, there are three textbooks for the class as opposed to the one for OOP, so that is already very different. As someone who has taken OOP, I am looking forward to seeing the various differences between the two classes, and that will be a particular focus that I will have throughout the semester. I realize the starting weeks will have some similarities, but I am excited to learn Python as well as finish this course with a website developed in a small team. One thing I definitely like is the switch to canvas for quizzes from the beginning; I did not like paying money for Top Hat.

Tip of the week: http://south.paxsite.com/

PAX South is coming up this weekend, so hopefully Downing will not call on me this Friday. It is a three day convention of video games both large and small, from Indie studios to AAA developers, and this will be the second time it is in San Antonio. I am very excited for this week, and you should check it out Downing!
