---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 2"
---
This week in Software Engineering was filled with discussion about our unit testing and coverage tools we will be using in Python. Furthermore, more talk was put into how to speed up the collatz calculations. Luckily, a lot of the material at this point was covered in OOP, so there has not been too much to wrestle with, content-wise. However, it is nice to see that a unit testing framework is built into Python as opposed to using the Google Test framework when working with C++. 

Nothing is in my way with regards to the class. The only pitfall for me is procrastination after returning from a nice trip to San Antonio. I think procrastination hits students at various levels throughout the year, but there is something to be learned from managing your time properly while also not worrying about work all of the time. 

Next week, the first assignment for the class is due. Therefore, this week requires me to dedicate my time to starting and finishing this project. I am going to estimate six hours for the whole project, but my friend in the class only took an hour coding. I have most of the Downing Formula down, so I am not too concerned about this week in class. Also, I plan to catch up on some of the reading, but, unfortunately, I have to work on material for a lot of classes. Only the third week of school and professors are piling on work. I am excited for class this week, however, so that is something to look forward to.

Tip of the week: http://buddycops.itch.io/omnibus

After returning from PAX, I wanted to link to a silly game known as omnibus. The game is a fun game to play, and the full game should be out this year; this demo of it is available online for try.
