---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 11"
---
This week in Software Engineering was particularly dreadful in terms of workload. We finished the fourth assignment, IDB2. After getting close to delivering on content, we realized that the way we used Docker for the first part of the project would not work over here easily. Since we treated Docker as a VM, we were having a hard time getting MySQL set up in a container. Therefore, with the extension, two of us set out to get Docker working properly. After spending hours working on it, we were successful at restructuring the project and getting it working with Docker. Unfortunately, we did not get all of the project complete, but being on campus for more than twelve hours meant it was time to go home.

What is in my way with this class is the class structure. I loved OOP, but I feel like Software Engineering is a little too ambitious for its own good. By that, I mean in regards to all of the technologies we have to learn. We are spending a lot of time learning SQL in class, but I have a feeling that most people understand enough SQL, and the Python we learned is not that useful for the IDB project in comparison to Javscript libraries like React or Angular. Furthermore, Docker, which is turning out to be the hardest part of the assignment, was not given enough attention, and our group and others had a lot of trouble with it as a result. I am not trying to complain, so I apologize if this part sounds whiney, but it is just frustrating because I want to get the most out of this class. I learned a lot from Docker yesterday, but it was frustrating knowing that our grade is about losing points for incompleteness rather than rewarding us for what we learn.

Next week, I will hopefully get a head start on the final part of the project. We may have to clean up some stuff from getting Docker up, and the tests work on Travis but not on the website yet. There is a lot for us to learn going forward.

Tip of the week: http://dodgeroll.com/gungeon/

Enter the Gungeon is a rogue-like game involving shooting a bunch of guys, and you start over if you fail. I will play this game hopefully this weekend.
