---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 10"
---

This week in Software Engineering was a nice experience. We learned about the XML schema and compared XML to JSON. I have had some experience with XML before, but I had not spent that much detail learning about the schema. On Wednesday, we got to listen to Atlassian guest speakers talk about the software made by them. I had already heard the talk last year, so it was mostly the same information, but it was still somewhat interesting to remember some of the things they originally talked about. Lastly, we talked about regular expressions; this topic was always an area that I felt like I was encouraged to learn about by CS faculty. However, there was never really a class where I was learning about it. I am glad Downing is teaching this subject since it seems critical for software engineers to know in some amount.

What I will do this week is work with my group to finish the second part of the project. This also ties into what is in my way: connecting to MySQL using SQLAlchemy in Flask. I was starting to build the tables, and I was going to pull information into those tables without SQLAlchemy. However, SQLAlchemy is required, and I was having trouble connecting because the library I was attempting to use was for Python 2. Next week may be more fortunate for my team and I, so hopefully there will not be any more things in our way as we aim to finish the second part of the group project.

Tip-of-the-week:  http://www.heart-machine.com/

A game by the name of Hyper Light Drifter came out last week, and it seems pretty interesting. It was backed originally by Kickstarter if I remember correctly, and it looks like a cool game to play.
