---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 9"
---
This week in Software Engineering, we delved into relational algebra in order to prepare for the database work we will be doing for our website. Also, we completed the first assignment in regards to the website projects. Although we cut it close to the deadline, our team was able to finish. Unfortunately, the push before turn in slightly affected a part of our website which was complete, but because we were so close to the deadline, it was too late to fix the issue. Luckily, our team has made big strides towards the project already thanks to a good mix of people on the team. I was able to write unit tests for the models.py, which, after some syntax tinkering, actually work already, which is something quite nice.

In my way this week is being ready for the second project. I understand that the second project is database setup, but there is a lot of information to pull from the IGDB website. Furthermore, our team needs to revamp our implementation of Docker, so that may take some time out of this phase of the project.

Next week, I plan to work with my team on getting a head start for the second project. Unfortunately, there is other work to be done for other classes, so my commitment may vary, but I am hoping to put some time into this project early. Something our team learned from the last assignment was to get started on it early. Luckily, the first project was not as daunting as I originally thought it to be, so once we are more aware of the second project, I think it will also be doable.

Tip of the week: http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/facebook-safety-check-turned-on-after-lahore-explosion-sending-notifications-to-many-people-far-from-a6955476.html

Facebook had issues with their location services as it asked people from other areas outside of Pakistan if they were okay from the explosion. It happened to me as well, so I wonder how many people it affected. Of course, it is sad what happened in Pakistan.
