---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 7"
---
The first test has been successfully completed as of this week. Unfortunately, I had trouble with one of the questions. I think better preparation on the topic could have fixed the issue, so overall, I thought the test was fine. A key thing with Downing tests is how hard the graders are, so hopefully they will not be extremely punishing. I do believe the OOP tests were easier, but I have only taken three Downing tests total.

Next week, there will be a greater focus on the third project. Luckily, I was able to find a team with the help of my roommate, so perhaps we will get started on the project this week. I am glad to move away from Python because I find Javascript to be a much more approachable and satisfying language. There were simply too many rules in Python which felt like were there because they wanted to be different, which I agree gives the language some elegance. However, the designers’ shift in vision has already caused a split community between two and three, so relying on their semantics can be troublesome.

What is in my way is solidifying my knowledge of Python as well as communicating with my team early on. Hopefully, we can get started early, but there is still a lot of work to do for other classes. I wonder how the class is going to be for the rest of the semester, but I guess next week I will find out.

Tip of the week: http://store.steampowered.com/app/405640/

Pony Island is a game that is very hard to explain. It sounds like a really silly game, but it is very well done and teaches you some coding concepts along the way. The game may not be about ponies though.
