---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 6"
---
This past week in Software Engineering, I was able to learn more nuances in Python as well as have the opportunity to hear from a Mutual Mobile speaker. I had the privilege to heart from him before, but it was nice to know that open source is still important in industry. Unfortunately, there was some redundancy in the presentation, but industry is not expected to move very quickly. There were a lot of strange new ideas presented in Python regarding function calls and definitions, but I feel like this language is becoming a remembering game. More and more semantics in the language are becoming “because I said so” rather than anything else, and that is a bit frustrating. It is still a neat language, however.

What’s in my way this week happens to be the first test for the class. I am not sure how this test will go, but my plan this week is to study in order to prepare for it. There are a lot of topics posted to study for it on Piazza, so hopefully I will get started early on studying. This class has had a lot of similarities with OOP, but as the quizzes get harder, I am beginning to realize the subtle differences. Hopefully, this test will not be too challenging, but I am sure that by practicing coding throughout this week, I will be able to do well on the test. On the bright side, there are no assignments in the class for the next few weeks, so that is something to enjoy.

Tip of the week: http://devildaggers.com/

Devil Daggers is an FPS game that mimics the style of the 90s. Doom is clearly an inspiration, and it is nice to see games like these making a return. Hopefully, more will follow.
