---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 5"
---
Week five marks the end of the second assignment for Software Engineering: Netflix. This assignment proved challenging in that getting the RMSE below 1.00 for probe.txt took longer than anticipated. Luckily, after my partner and I worked in parallel on different ideas, my partner found a perfect set of numbers which tweaked the basic algorithm into producing an RMSE under 1.00. This week also marked the hardest quiz in the class this past Friday. I thought I understood generators, but some of the syntax Python has is horrifying. Python seems to frustrate me more times than it helps me, but I think I will get the hang of it in time. 

What is in my way this week ties into what I will do next week. The first test for this class is in a little under two weeks, and I need to make sure I study well enough. There are a few things I need to understand better in Python before I am ready for the test, but I think if I practice writing the code out like I did in OOP, I will have a good chance on this test.

For a guest speaker, it would be interesting to have a software engineer who works in Python or another scripting language to explain what he does. Python obviously is used by a lot of people, but concrete examples are always helpful in understanding the importance of a certain style of language. I wonder what other speakers will be visiting the class.

Tip of the week: https://www.lucidchart.com/

I had to design mockups for Android app ideas for Mobile Computing, and this website makes it relatively easy to make a simple view in the app. There are more features this website has, but the seven day free trial shows what the website has to offer.
