---
layout: post
title: "Software Engineering Week 8"
---
Last week, our team decided on a project involving video game APIs. Luckily, most of the group agreed on the topic. However, we also got our test grades back; unfortunately, I screwed up. Because I was so focused on answering one question, I did not spend much time double checking my answers. Usually these tests are not a problem. The OOP tests were relatively straight forward. However, this test did not seem as easy, and I will probably have to make it up by doing really well on the last test.

What’s in my way over the next few weeks is this next project. Spring Break is a balance between homework and enjoying the time off. Unfortunately, the next project is due the Thursday after Spring Break, so it does not leave much time to relax. However, it is nice that we get to use new technologies, and the Rackspace speaker was interesting.

Next week, my team and I will focus on finishing the third project. There are a lot of unknowns for this project, so I will have to spend some time learning the logistics and the materials beforehand. Our team needs to identify each other’s strengths as well. Hopefully, most of us will be comfortable with AngularJS and JavaScript to utilize these tools. This project seems like a lot of fun, and it is nice to have a whole team to work with. The rest of the semester should be very interesting.

Tip of the week: http://www.ibtimes.com/nope-apple-computers-arent-more-secure-windows-theyre-just-attacked-less-2334220

Here an interesting article explaining that the reason people believe that Apple computers are more secure than Windows is because they are targeted less often. It is not a very surprising truth, but something people should know.
